1. Which of the following are the unit testing packages availabale in Python? : All of those Mentioned ( unittest, doctest, and PyTest )

2. Which type of testing is done when one of your existing functions stop working? : regression testing

3. The real objective of Software testing is to ensure 100% defect free product. State true or false. : False ( Testing is done in order to find out as many problems as possible and to sort out all the bugs while it running. Developing a 100% defect-free software is impossible as errors occur while the software is deployed in the environment )

4. The testing method, which is used to test individual components of a program is known as : Unit testing

5. Which of the following is the next level of testing to unit testing? : Integration testing

6. Which of the following special attribute can be used to access a doc string in a program? : __doc__

7. Which of the following is true about a docstring? : docstring is optional in a function, class or a module

8. Which of the following doctest directive is used to deal with unexpected whitespace that appears in the output? : # doctest: +NORMALIZE_WHITESPACE

9. Which of the following method is used to catch exceptions in a test, with unittest? : assertRaises

10. unittest is a xUnit-style based unit testing framework in Python. State true or false : True

11. Which of the following decorator is used to skip a test if a given condition is false, with unittest? unittest.skipUnless

12. Which of the following decorator need to be used while working with setUpClass and tearDownClass fixtures :      @classmethod

13. Which of the following is not a component of Xunit-Style Architecture? : Test Loader

14. A single test module contains only one Test Class. State true or false. : False

15. Test discovery is simpler in unittest than in nose. State true or false. : False

16. Unittest Tests can be run using nose. State true or false. : True

17. nose supports use of fixtures at package level. State true or false. : True ( nose supports fixtures at the package, module, class, and test case level )

18. nose can recognise tests which are not part of a Test class, derived from a Parent class. State True or False : true

19. Which of the following commands run only one test case, present in sample_module.py using pytest? : py.test sample_module.py::TestCase1::test_method1

20. Which of the following command is used to discover all tests in a project and execute them using pytest? : py.test

21. Which of the following are the function level fixtures available in pytest : setup_function, teardown_function

22. Which of the following option is used to generate Junit style test report in xml using pytest :  –-junitxml

23. pytest is available as a part of Python standard library. State true or false. : False

24. Which of the following method is used to check if a regular expression matches a string or not, with unittest : assertRegexpMatches

25. Which of the following decorator is used to skip a test unconditionally with pytest? : @pytest.mark.skip

26. Unit Testing is the highest level of testing. State true or false. : False

27. Unittest Tests can be run using nose. State true or false. :  true

28. Which of the following is a docstring? : A Multiline string

29. A single test module contains only one Test Class. State true or false. : False

30. Which of the following command is used to discover all tests in a project and execute them using pytest? : py.test

31. Which of the following doctest directive is used to deal with unexpected whitespace that appears in the output? : # doctest: +NORMALIZE_WHITESPACE

32. Which of the following option is used to generate test report in xml using nose : --with-xunit

33. pytest is capable of discovering and running tests written in unittest and nose. State true or false : True

34. Which of the following decorator is used to transform a user defined function into a fixture using pytest? : @pytest.fixture

35. Which of the following are the module level fixtures of unittest framework? : 

36. What is the purpose of using self.id in tests, while working with unittest : self.id returns the name of method

37. Which of the following statement ensures that all tests present in sample_test_module.py are run while using the command python sample_test_module.py : unittest.main

38. unittest is a xUnit-style based unit testing framework in Python. State true or false : true

39. A doctest mixes documentation and testing. State true or false. : True

40. Which type of testing is done when one of your existing functions stop working : Regression testing






























